Updating constitution and Bylaws, added absentee voting (#30)
IronRiders/Constitution: Mentor Expectations.md

# Mentor Expectations

>  *Must follow all SPS codes of conduct regarding volunteers<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 
 * Must follow all SPS codes of conduct regarding volunteers
```

>  *should be interviewed<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think that since this one is only application when the mentor is first joining the team, it would be an expectation of that process

>  *should be interviewed<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Should be interviewed
```

>  *they must sign a non discriminatory statement<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Must sign a non discriminatory statement
```

>  *They have to be a productive member of the mentor team<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Must be a productive member of the mentor team
```

>  *Adopt a teaching model instead of a telling model<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Must adopt a teaching model instead of a telling model
```

>  *Must be mature in your interactions with students<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Must be mature in interactions with students
```

>  *Must be in good moral and legal standing<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Must be in good moral and legal standing
```

>  *No DM’s between students and mentors <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * No DM’s between students and mentors
```

>  *Do not make overtures towards students regarding relationships (even as a joke)<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Must not make overtures towards students regarding relationships (even as a joke)
```

>  *Must show up at least twice a month unless they communicate why they can’t make it<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Must show up at least twice a month unless they communicate why they can’t make it
```

# Mentor Expectations
 
 * Must follow all SPS codes of conduct regarding volunteers

>  * Should be interviewed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think that since this one is only applicable when the mentor is first joining the team, it would be an expectation of that process

Reviewer: 5/21 Leads Meeting: Leads okay removing this
